Amazing Grace how sweet the sound that
saved
one must burn
love's great bet
my
how precious
wonderful news wonderful had such a
feeling about their absolutely Arlene
well the heavenly angel in the shape of
Camilla has come down and given you the
gift of dance for Christmas it was
beautiful
that's really true our leave name what
do you think well we all know we're all
in it like you know stocking for
Christmas I think it's not apple and
oranges amazing grace well I mean
there's no day like that you were prince
charming won't sing your way into the
heart of the nation that was so
beautiful so pretty so romantic
fantastic faction
get off before executive the judges have
their scores Kraig Revel Horwood
Bruno Tonioli